#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-recommenders
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
dependency-injector==4.40.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.6
    # via tensorflow-datasets
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via pymongo
etils[epath]==0.9.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==22.10.26
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.13.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.10.0
    # via etils
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via tensorflow
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongo==4.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   dependency-injector
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-recommenders
tensorflow-datasets==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.10.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-recommenders==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.10.0
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
